=subject Starting again with Rakudo Perl 6: Welcome Perl 6 Maven!

Hi,

I hope you still remember me, and this newsletter.

This is the Perl6 Tricks and Treats newsletter,
that you signed up, probably on my web site:
http://szabgab.com/perl6_tricks_and_treats.html

It has been a while ago. The last message was
sent more than a year ago.

That was the time when I decided I should focus on
Perl 5 to avoid confusion on my web site.

Since then, Rakudo has improved a lot and today
I can announce a new web site where I am going to
move all the Perl 6 content from szabgab.com.
That will probably help avoiding any confusion.

This is where I am going to publish my new articles
and new screencasts about Perl 6.

I also plan to collect other Perl 6 related resources
and provide a unified and clear way to learn Perl 6,
and eventually to become a Perl 6 Maven.

Let me welcome you to the new Perl 6 Maven site:

    http://perl6maven.com/


Currently the site is a set of static pages generated
with a Perl 6 script using HTML::Template. That will
certainly change, but I will only use Perl 6 for
that site, and not Perl 5. If that means some things will
take longer to add, and I might have to shave a few yaks
before I can add a new feature. So be it.
That's the way I might also help the advancement of the
Perl 6 ecosystem.


For now I'll keep this newsletter and even invite more
people to sign up. Later I'll switch to use something
written in Perl 6.
(Luckily this is ok, as Mailman is written in Python
and not Perl 5 :)

I though I might finish this with a sentence like

"So just sit back and watch!"

but I'd actually like you take active part in the
creation of this web site and in improving our Perl 6
skils. So if you have not touched Perl 6 recently than
grab the latest Rakudo and start typing!

My first mini-article on the new site is about

    Starting again with Rakudo Perl 6

    http://perl6maven.com/starting-again-with-rakudo-perl6

So go read and start writing Perl 6 code

regards
   Gabor Szabo
   http://szabgab.com/
   http://perl6maven.com/

ps. This message was sent using Perl 6

